What bowl sold for more than eight million
Right.
If you don't believe me, go to the city and ask the pawn shop owner.
He originally wanted two pairs, but he didn't grab it. Who wants to pick it up?
Liar in the past
Tianjiao, look at him
I'll go to the city and ask what's going on, sister
It's so late, don't go, don't worry
Even if my heart is so much older than my sister
Grandpa was eaten to death by him
Stay put.
Why did you hit me again?
You haven't explained it to me yet.
What does that have to do with you?
Don't tell me you're just a business relationship
Anyone with a good eye can see it
He's definitely interested in you.
Yasen is also interested in me.
Am I that attractive?
Oh, sister, don't think too much, I promise you.
No matter where I go to the gym in the future
I must tell you two first, okay?
In the past, when you were in the orphanage, the eldest sister doted on you the most
Let alone now
As long as you say it, how could he not agree?
I'm just afraid of some people.
Same as before
After getting married, I forgot about the two of us
Dear sister who is not related by blood
Oops ok my sister
I promise you.
No matter what happens to me in the future
The three of us will never be apart
Just your sweet mouth
I'm just checking for you.
You can't be single forever, can you?
Yeah.
Don't I still have my beautiful sister?